Allowlist/denylist terminology (#96)
IBM-Cloud/kube-samples: calico-policies/public-network-isolation/README.md

For more information on how to use these policies, see the [IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-network_policies#isolate_workers_public).

> **Tip**: In addition to these policies, you can also create a [Calico preDNAT network policy to allowlist or denylist traffic from specific IP ranges](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-policy_tutorial#policy_tutorial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: In addition to these policies, you can also create a [Calico preDNAT network policy to allow or deny traffic from specific IP ranges](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-policy_tutorial#policy_tutorial).
```
